Fix broken link (#347)
vippsas/vipps-recurring-api: vipps-recurring-api.md

When the agreement is accepted by the end user, the merchant can send charges
that will be automatically processed on the due date.

>  **Important:** The Recurring v2 API will be phased out and will not be available from June 1, 2023. See the [migration guide](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/recurring-api/v2-to-v3-migration-guide) for an overview of what has changed from v2 to v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Important:** The Recurring v2 API will be phased out and will not be available from June 1, 2023. See the [migration guide](v2-to-v3-migration-guide.md) for an overview of what has changed from v2 to v3.
```
